A FPS Concept FireArm weapon comprised of interchangeable upgradeable components. The components can be assembled into virtually a countless assortment of weapon designs or used for specific set of static weapon designs. Each component effects the player, weapon, and ammo in a specific manner. 

Chamber

The Chamber is the Weapon Core Component in which all other components attach. 

Barrel

Projects and directs ammunition. Barrels effect ammunition range and dispersion. Long Barrels produce long range/ narrow dispersion; Shorter Barrel produces short range/wide dispersion. Barrels also provide a ‘heat sinking’ for the weapon. 

Loader

Can be attached to the barrel or magazine. Loads ammunition with Hand2 (grip02). Animated.

Trigger

Control mechnism that activates Firing Unit/Mechanism. The Trigger determines how the user can fire the weapon. A weapon can posses multiple triggers.

FireUnit

Unit This component provides motivational charge to a ammunition. High Quality Firing Units can project charge fast and project ammunition a great speeds long distances. 

StockGrip

Absorbs Player Recoil. Recoil can effect weapon handling and accuracy. High Quality Stocks can absorbs greater amounts of recoil. Handgrip attaches to player (grip01). 

Magazine

Magazine \ PowerCell \ Canister are storage components. These components effect Ammunition Refill/Recharge, Loading Speed and Storage Quantity 

AmmoMeter

A 3D Graphic Display for Ammo Count associated with the magazine.

Scope

The accessory component assist in visibility of the target (ie: Zoom, Infrared, Thermovision)

Sight + Cursor

This accessory component assist in targeting object. Displays Targeting Cursor.

Distorter

This accessory attaches to the barrel of the weapon to muffle sound of Solid Ammunitions or change the visual characteristics of Energy Ammunitions. 

Bayonet 

This accessory attaches to the barrel of the weapon and can be used as melee weapon

Connectivity
Pivot points for component connectivity is provided within the geometery.

Animation
	idle
	active
	